Extend programmatic interface docs [TG-7408] (#75)
diffblue/cover-client-js: docs/programmatic-interface.md

It provides a high level interface to run an analysis and write tests via the `run` method.

> It also makes the calling the low level api bindings simpler, and keeps track of the state of the analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also makes the calling the low level API bindings simpler, and keeps track of the state of the analysis.
```

### Instantiation

> The `Analysis` constructor has one required parameter, which is the url of the Diffblue Cover API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Analysis` constructor has one required parameter, which is the URL of the Diffblue Cover API.
```

```ts
import { Analysis } from '@diffblue/cover-client';

const analysis = new Analysis('https://your-cover-api-domain.com');
const permissiveAnalysis = new Analysis('https://your-cover-api-domain.com', { allowUnauthorizedHttps: true });
```

### Usage

### Run an analysis (object orientated)

To run an analysis, call `Analysis.run`. This will start the analysis and wait for it to finish, periodically polling for new results and the current analysis status.
When the analysis is has ended it can optionally write test files to a specified directory.

> The first parameter is required, and is an object containing streams or buffers of JAR files to be uploaded to the Diffblue Cover api.

Author: Sure, lets :)

This must include a `build` key, and may optionally include a `baseBuild` key and/or a `dependenciesBuild` key.

Including `dependenciesBuild` will enable test verification.

Including `baseBuild` will enable a differential analysis.

The second parameter is an optional settings object, containing analysis settings to be uploaded to the Diffblue Cover api.

The third parameter is an optional options object, to configure the behavior of the `run` method. The available options are:

> 1. `outputTests` (string). A directory path. If provided, test files will be written to this directory when the analysis ends.

Reviewer 2: Does the directory have to exist in order for the tests to be written?

> 2. `writingConcurrency` (integer) The maximum number of test files to write concurrently, if `outputTests` is provided. (default: 20)

Reviewer 2: Should this not be `(number)`?

Author: Well, its not really a type script type, if that's what you mean. Here the value should be an integer rather than a float. I think all of these docs could be improved by some kind of good convention for describing parameters, but I'm not aware of one (other than JSDoc, which doesn't really apply here). @peterjwest ?

Reviewer 3: Yeah we can specify integer in the docs

> 3. `pollingInterval` (number) How often to poll for new results and the current analysis status, in seconds. (default: 60 seconds)

Reviewer 2: We should probably set a minimum polling interval

Author: Maybe? If they want to poll every millisecond they can I suppose, it's their server. Also the next poll attempt won't begin until the first has completed, so the interval is really the minimum interval (real interval is value plus request time).

Reviewer 2: Rather to account for user error than anything else. For example, reduced or poor performance could come from insanely fast constant polling (their servers = their problem turns into we waste time diagnosing the problem)

Reviewer 3: I don't think we need to set a minimum - most users will never even change this

4. `onResults` (function) Callback that will be called once for every group of new results per polling cycle. Receives two parameters:
    * `results` (array) An array of result objects, grouped by `sourceFilePath` (see [Group results](#-group-results) below).

>     * `filename` (string) The computed destination test file name for the results e.g. for results for the class `Foo` the `filename` would be `FooTest.java`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `filename` (string) The computed destination test file name for the results e.g. results for the class `Foo` the `filename` would be `FooTest.java`.
```

5. `onError` (function) Callback that will be called once if the `run` method throws an error. If provided, the thrown error will be swallowed, and the promise returned by the `run` call will resolve rather than reject. Receives one parameter:
    * `error` (error) The thrown error object.

```ts
import Analysis from '@diffblue/cover-client';
import { createReadStream } from 'fs';

const analysis = new Analysis('https://your-cover-api-domain.com');
const files = {
  build: createReadStream('./build.jar'),
  baseBuild: createReadStream('./baseBuild.jar'),
  dependenciesBuild: createReadStream('./dependenciesBuild.jar'),
};
const settings = { ignoreDefaults: false, phases: {}};
const options = { outputTests: './tests', pollingInterval: 5 };

(async () => {
  const results = await analysis.run(files, settings, options);
  console.log(`Analysis ended with the status: ${analysis.status}.`);
  console.log(`Produced ${results.length} tests in total.`);
  console.log(`Test files written to ${options.outputTests}.`);
})();
```

#### Stop polling for results

> The `forceStopPolling` method can be used to interrupt a `run` call and stop the polling cycle. This will cause the promise returned by `run` to resolve If a test file directory has been specified and any results have been received, test files will be written using the current set of fetched results.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `forceStopPolling` method can be used to interrupt a `run` call and stop the polling cycle. This will cause the promise returned by `run` to resolve if a test file directory has been specified and if any results have been received, test files will be written using the current set of fetched results.
```

5. `onError` (function) Callback that will be called once if the `run` method throws an error. If provided, the thrown error will be swallowed, and the promise returned by the `run` call will resolve rather than reject. Receives one parameter:
    * `error` (error) The thrown error object.

```ts
import Analysis from '@diffblue/cover-client';
import { createReadStream } from 'fs';

const analysis = new Analysis('https://your-cover-api-domain.com');
const files = {
  build: createReadStream('./build.jar'),
  baseBuild: createReadStream('./baseBuild.jar'),
  dependenciesBuild: createReadStream('./dependenciesBuild.jar'),
};
const settings = { ignoreDefaults: false, phases: {}};
const options = { outputTests: './tests', pollingInterval: 5 };

(async () => {
  const results = await analysis.run(files, settings, options);
  console.log(`Analysis ended with the status: ${analysis.status}.`);
  console.log(`Produced ${results.length} tests in total.`);
  console.log(`Test files written to ${options.outputTests}.`);
})();
```

#### Stop polling for results

> The `forceStopPolling` method can be used to interrupt a `run` call and stop the polling cycle. This will cause the promise returned by `run` to resolve.

Reviewer 3: Why not just "stopPolling"?
What's the motivation for this function, the only situations I can think of where users might stop polling, they might also want to resume polling.

If a test file directory has been specified and any results have been received, test files will be written using the current set of fetched results.

> *N.B.* Calling `forceStopPolling` will _not_ stop the analysis from running on the Diffblue Cover server. To stop the analysis server side, call `Analysis.stop` (See [Cancel an analysis (Object orientated)](#-cancel-an-analysis-object-orientated)) below)

Reviewer 3: Can you use "Please note:" instead of "N.B." because it's clearer/more straightforward.

Reviewer 3: I've just noticed the discrepancy between Analysis.stop and `Cancel an analysis`. Should we standardise everyone on "stop" rather than "cancel"?

Author: Actually, I've made a mistake here, the method is `Analysis.cancel`, and the binding is `cancelAnalysis`, so I suspect we should go with 'cancel' in general?

Reviewer 3: Sure

```ts
import Analysis from '@diffblue/cover-client';
import { createReadStream } from 'fs';
import { ok } from 'assert';

const analysis = new Analysis('https://your-cover-api-domain.com');
const files = {
  build: createReadStream('./build.jar'),
};
const settings = { ignoreDefaults: false, phases: {}};

(async () => {
  const runPromise = analysis.run(files, settings);
  analysis.forceStopPolling();
  ok(analysis.pollingStopped);
  await analysis.getStatus()
  ok(analysis.status === 'RUNNING')
})();
```

#### Start an analysis (Object orientated)

To start an analysis, call `Analysis.start`.

> The first parameter is required, and is an object containing streams or buffers of JAR files to be uploaded to the Diffblue Cover Api.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first parameter is required, and is an object containing streams or buffers of JAR files to be uploaded to the Diffblue Cover API.
```

> The first parameter is required, and is an object containing streams or buffers of JAR files to be uploaded to the Diffblue Cover  API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first parameter is required, and is an object containing streams or buffers of JAR files to be uploaded to the Diffblue Cover API.
```

```ts
import { Analysis } from '@diffblue/cover-client';
import { createReadStream } from 'fs';

const analysis = new Analysis('https://your-cover-api-domain.com');
const files = {
  build: createReadStream('./build.jar'),
  baseBuild: createReadStream('./baseBuild.jar'),
  dependenciesBuild: createReadStream('./dependenciesBuild.jar'),
};
const settings = { ignoreDefaults: false, phases: {}};

(async () => {

>   const { id, phases } = await analysis.start(files settings);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  const { id, phases } = await analysis.start(files, settings);
```

#### Get API version (Object orientated)

To check the version of the Diffblue Cover API, call `Analysis.getApiVersion`.

```ts
(async () => {
 const { version } = await analysis.getApiVersion();

>  console.log(` API version: ${version}`);

Reviewer 3: Extra space here

}();
```

### Write test files to disk (object orientated)

To write test files to disk, call `Analysis.writeTests`.

This will call the `writeTests` function using the current value of `Analysis.results`. See [Write test files to disk](#-write-test-files-to-disk) below for more details.

This method accepts two parameters.

1. `directoryPath` (string) The path of the directory that test files will be written to.
2. `options` (object) [optional] Possible options:

>     1. `concurrency` (integer) The maximum number of test files to write concurrently. (default: 20)

Reviewer 2: Consistency
```suggestion
    * `concurrency` (integer) The maximum number of test files to write concurrently. (default: 20)
```

```ts
import Analysis from '@diffblue/cover-client';

> import * as fs from 'fs';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { createReadStream } from 'fs';
```

const analysis = new Analysis('https://your-cover-api-domain.com');
const files = {

>   build: fs.createReadStream('./build.jar'),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  build: createReadStream('./build.jar'),
```

};
const settings = { ignoreDefaults: false, phases: {}};
const directoryPath = './tests';

(async () => {
  await analysis.run(files, settings);

>   console.log(`Analysis has ended, with ${analysis.results.length} results.`);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  console.log(`Analysis has ended with ${analysis.results.length} results.`);
```

## Combining results into test classes

> The `writeTests` function will produce test classes from Diffblue Cover API results and write them to disk at a specified location.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `writeTests` function will produce test classes from the Diffblue Cover API results and write them to disk at a specified location.
```

Reviewer 3: Either is fine IMO

The lower level `generateTestClass` and `mergeIntoTestClass` functions can be used to generate test classes as strings.

### Write test files to disk

To write test files to disk, call `writeTests`.

This function accepts three parameters.

1. `directoryPath` (string) The path of the directory that test files will be written to.

> 2. `results` (array) An array of `result` objects, relating to one or more class under test.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. `results` (array) An array of `result` objects, relating to one or more classes under test.
```

3. `options` (object) [optional] Possible options:

>     1. `concurrency` (integer) The maximum number of test files to write concurrently. (default: 20)

Reviewer 2: Consistency
```suggestion
    * `concurrency` (integer) The maximum number of test files to write concurrently. (default: 20)
```

The return value is an array of strings denoting the paths of the test files written.

> When writing test files the provided results will be grouped by `sourceFilePath` so that each group relates to one class under test (See [Group results](#-group-results) below).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When writing test files, the provided results will be grouped by `sourceFilePath` so that each group relates to one class under test (See [Group results](#-group-results) below).
```

For each group of results:

If a test file with the expected name and path already exists in the target directory, the contents of the pre-existing file will be merged with the new tests generated from the results. The resulting test class containing both the new and pre-existing tests will be written back to the file, overwriting its original contents.

If a test file with the expected name and path does not exist in the target directory then a new test class will be generated and written to disk at that location.

> For example, for a group of results that share a `sourceFilePath` of `/com/foo/bar/SomeClass.java`, when calling `writeTests` with a `directoryPath` of `/testDir`, the expected test file name and path will be `/testDir/com/foo/bar/SomeClassTest.java`.

Reviewer 2: This could do with rewording
```suggestion
For example, when calling `writeTests` with a `directoryPath` of `/testDir`, a group of results that share a `sourceFilePath` of `/com/foo/bar/SomeClass.java` will have an expected test file name and path of `/testDir/com/foo/bar/SomeClassTest.java`
```

If errors occur during test writing, the function will continue to attempt to write test files for each group of results, and finally reject with an error containing details of any errors that occurred (listed with the related `sourceFilePath`).

```ts
import CoverClient from '@diffblue/cover-client';

const directoryPath = './tests';
const options = { concurrency: 100 };

(async () => {

>   const testFilePaths = await CoverClient.writeTests(directoryPath, results, options);

Reviewer 2: Does it matter than results don't exist here?

Author: I'm not sure. There are some other examples that do this, but I don't love it. I also don't think every example should have to include the code to run an analysis. I suppose we could use an empty array (a bit misleading), or import them from a fictitious file?

```js
import sampleResults from './sampleResults.js'
```

@peterjwest Thoughts?

Reviewer 3: I would probably make a complete example, even if its verbose. I had an idea that we could test all the docs examples in the future.

But keeping it simple, you could use an empty array and add a comment explaining what needs to go there.

Author: We could use [markdown-doctest](https://github.com/Widdershin/markdown-doctest) if our examples were tagged `js`/`es6`. Currently I think all of our `ts` examples actually are `es6`, I don't think we've put any types in.

  console.log(`Test files written: ${testFilePaths.join(', ')}.`);
})();
```

### Generate a new test class

The `generateTestClass` function will produce a test class from an array of Diffblue Cover API results.

> All off these results should relate to the same class under test and so must all have the same `sourceFilePath` value, and must all have `testedFunction` values that when parsed produce the same `className` and `packageName` values (See [Group results](#-group-results) below).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All of these results should relate to the same class under test, the same `sourceFilePath` value, and must all have `testedFunction` values that when parsed produce the same `className` and `packageName` values (See [Group results](#-group-results) below).
```

 ```ts
import CoverClient from '@diffblue/cover-client';

const testClass = CoverClient.generateTestClass(results);
console.log(`New test class:\n${testClass}`);
```

### Merge results into an existing test class

The `mergeIntoTestClass` function can be used to generate tests from an array of Diffblue Cover API results and merge them into an existing test class.

> All off these results should relate to the same class under test and so must all have the same `sourceFilePath` value, and must all have `testedFunction` values that when parsed produce the same `className` and `packageName` values (See [Group results](#-group-results) below).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All of these results should relate to the same class under test, the same `sourceFilePath` value, and must all have `testedFunction` values that when parsed produce the same `className` and `packageName` values (See [Group results](#-group-results) below).
```
